Hello fellow tankers,
I have found ZeeWolf's Christmas gift, which he shared as a sample of the ZeeWolf mod. For anyone still searching for it, you can download it here:
ZeeWolf Christmas gift Oct 2010
I'm also looking for a way to release the full mod without running into any legal issues. If you have any suggestions, I'd love to hear them.
Here is he included readme and the DLL's you might require. There go in the root directory of the game (where the TvsT.exe is).
Please note: Do not run the shadows on full as it causes a graphical error. The same applies to anti-aliasing (AA); use your graphic card control panel for the AA settings. Set terrain, forest, and water all to the lowest settings for optimal performance.
Greetings Tankers and Merry Christmas, Ver 2.0
My gift to you as I promised.
You have now two new mission-1 scenarios one for each campaign.
Both are on my new mid-sized (11 miles by 11 miles) map.
I will list some things that are also included.
1.) New F6 view with zoom out (hit F6 then the keypad + and - keys)
2.) New and improved vehicles with a better more robust damage model
and the ability to Re-load/Repair you tank. (When close press your "b"
key) .
3.) New AI tanks that have an improved damage model and the ability
to customize the ammo power and skins without affecting the Player
tanks (didn't forget about those multi-players).
4.)New improvements to the Human animation behavior. Added also
a more complete German uniform skin.
5.)New Concrete PilBox with 3 MGs. This model is a freebie.
6.)New barrier Gun Position added. Another model freebie I think
you will enjoy.
7.) Added a 'working' NebelWafer with sound and a powerful HE round.
This unit will reload automatically every 90 seconds, 6rds. Their
not accurate on purpose.
8.) New Tiger engine sounds that are I believe are a wonderful
improvement, adds to the enjoyment level. As a new inside main gun
fire sound that doesn't keep the neighbors awake.
9.) added some additional sound files that are resized and sampled
for a optimized performance.
10.) Added a tool to aid in measuring while building and positioning
stuff of your own.It's a 10 meter scale.
That's some of them you will probably notice more when you start playing.
Please remember this gift is beta release authorized for use in T34 vs
Tiger version 1 only.
Install this at your own risk over a default install of T34 vs Tiger.
I will provide support, contact me at
http://www.subsim.com/radioroom/forumdisplay.php?f=203
On the thread: Zanta is Here! Merry Christmas!
In hope of a very merry Christmas,
ZeeWolf

